---
title: "The Modern Change Jar"
date: 2018-01-26 07:34:21 -0500
categories: invest change money
badges:
 - type: info
   tag: info-badge 

---

# Acorns  

> Acorns convinced me to toss out my old change jar and upkill to a modern way to save my spare change.  


### In the `Before-Time`  
  We used to keep a jar in the house for our spare change, to save it for something down the road. However, the move to a paperless currency (debit cards) has really put a dent in the change jar.  

### The Modern Change-Jar  
Recently, I found out about an investment medium called Acorns… It links to your cards and invests the remainders. A paperless change jar / piggy bank... *boggle*  

I researched it a bit and setup an account last month. I must say, I’m pretty darn satisfied with it so far. Acorns has deals with a lot of different vendors, who’ll put money into your account for shopping with them. For instance, how many of you shop at Walmart? Walmart will put 1% of your purchase into your Acorns account… It’s not huge, but, umm, it’s a kickback for shopping there and using a card linked to Acorns… In other words, it’s free money, for buying the things you were already going to buy.  

Let’s see… What other things are on there currently, that I use?  
  * Hotels.com – 6%  
  * Enterprise.com – 2%  
  * Bed Bath & Beyond – 2%  
  * Birchbox.com - $10  
  * Discount Tire – 3%  

Lyft, Uber, Forever 21, ScentBird, Sperry, Nordstrom, Sam’s, Macy’s, GNC, … and the list goes on and on. They have over 350 different vendor investment offers!  


### 1 Year Update  

`2019-01-26`  
My change-jar just funded my tickets to Guam...  

Check it out!  
[Acorns](https://www.acorns.com/invite/BS8SUG "The Modern Change-Jar")  

