---
title: "What I want to know"
date: 2020-09-03 16:52:21 -0500
categories: docs update
badges:
 - type: primary
   tag: primary-badge
 - type: info
   tag: info-badge 

---

# What I want to know when I start a new Role  


### Vision & Roadmap -  
  * What's the current vision for the IS department?  
  * Approximately where is the department in the delivery of that vision; on schedule, behind?  
  * What are a couple early objectives of the role that I might fill?  
  * Are there any points of specific concern that I should be aware of and prepared to address?  
  * How is success currently measured for the department?
 

### Infrastructure -  
  * Is there a current inventory?  
  * What primary architectures do you leverage?  
  * What is the mix and count of current infrastructure?
 

### Applications -  
  * What is the application architecture?  
  * How well is it documented?  
 

### Critical Services -  
  * What are your critical services?  
  * What applications and infrastructure deliver those services?  
 

### Monitoring -  
  * What is used to monitor the environment?  
  * What the current noise ratio?  
  * Are there issues where IS isn't first to know?  
  * Can I get a list of the top 3-5?  
  * What's Uptime for IT this Month and last Quarter?  
  * Is that an improvement or a reduction from last year?  
 

### On-Call -  
  * How does the IS department manage on-call?  
 

### ITSM -  
  * What system is used for Incident / Request / Change?  
  * How well established is ITIL?  
 

### Projects -  
  * What project style is currently in use; Waterfall, Agile?  
  * If Agile, then is there a particular flavor of agile being used?  
  * What tools are used to support project delivery?  
  * What projects are slated for the year / PI, and are they prioritized?  
 

### Vendors & Contractors -  
  * How many vendors are engaged?  
  * Are there any that I would need to give special attention?  
  * How many direct contractors are engaged?  
  * Is there a plan around flipping the good ones and top-leveling the less impressive ones?  
 

### Team -  
  * What's the budgeted versus current head-count for my department?  
  * What system is used for performance management?  
  * Are there any individuals that are in the top/bottom 5-10%?  
  * Is there a feeder-org?  
 

### Culture -  
  * Tell me about the culture.  
 

### CapEx / OpEx -  
  * What is my overall versus current OpEx and where are we for the quarter?  
  * Are we on target for the year?  
  * What is the overall versus current CapEx, and are we on target?  
  * Are there opportunities for consolidation or removal of OpEx items?  
 

### CI/CD -  
  * Are you using any continuous integration / continuous deployment methods?  
 

### Automation -  
  * Does the department currently leverage any automation frameworks?  
 

### Documentation -  
  * How are you currently managing documentation?  

